README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://fepack.org" title="@fepack/image - Collection of utilities for easy image control">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fepack/image/main/assets/banner.png" alt="@fepack/image - Collection of utilities for easy image control" />
  </a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=4C4885)](https://github.com/fepack/image/blob/main/LICENSE) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-deepgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=4C4885)](https://github.com/fepack/image/pulls)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fepack/image/graph/badge.svg?token=42BBBGVNSJ)](https://codecov.io/gh/fepack/image) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fepack/image?style=social) ![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/fepack/image?style=social)

</div>

<div align="center">

[OFFICIAL DOCS](https://image.fepack.org) | [DEPENDENCY GRAPH](https://graph.image.fepack.org) | [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/fepack/image/pulls) | [LICENSE](./LICENSE)

</div>

# @fepack/image

`@fepack/image` provides tools designed to simplify image management. Explore and enhance your image handling with `@fepack/image`

## Features

- load
- checkWebPSupport
- detect
- extractColors

## Installation

```shell
npm install @fepack/image
```

```shell
pnpm add @fepack/image
```

```shell
yarn add @fepack/image
```

# @fepack/react-image

If you're a React developer, `@fepack/react-image` provides specialized hooks and components to enhance your workflow.

## Features

- Load
- useLoad

## Installation

```shell
npm install @fepack/react-image
```

```shell
pnpm add @fepack/react-image
```

```shell
yarn add @fepack/react-image
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: README with Information on @fepack/image and @fepack/react-image (#51)
## Summary

<!-- Please summarize your changes. -->

<!-- Please link to any applicable information (forum posts, bug
reports, etc.). -->
- Added introduction and installation section for `@fepack/image`.
- Included a separate section for `@fepack/react-image` for React
developers.
- Updated badge links and formatting.

## Checks

<!-- For completed items, change [ ] to [x]. -->

<!-- If you leave this checklist empty, your PR will very likely be
closed. -->

Please check the following:

- [x] I have written documents and tests, if needed.

---------

Co-authored-by: Jonghyeon Ko <manudeli.ko@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://fepack.org" title="@fepack/image - Collection of utilities for easy image control">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fepack/image/main/assets/banner.png" alt="@fepack/image - Collection of utilities for easy image control" />
  </a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=4C4885)](https://github.com/fepack/image/blob/main/LICENSE) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-deepgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=4C4885)](https://github.com/fepack/image/pulls)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fepack/image/graph/badge.svg?token=42BBBGVNSJ)](https://codecov.io/gh/fepack/image) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fepack/image?style=social) ![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/fepack/image?style=social)

</div>

<div align="center">

[OFFICIAL DOCS](https://image.fepack.org) | [DEPENDENCY GRAPH](https://graph.image.fepack.org) | [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/fepack/image/pulls) | [LICENSE](./LICENSE)

</div>

# @fepack/image

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@fepack/image?color=4C4885)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fepack/image)

`@fepack/image` offers a collection of utilities designed for easy image control.

## Features

- load
- LoadClient
- checkWebPSupport
- detect
- extractRGBs

## Installation

```shell
npm install @fepack/image
```

```shell
pnpm add @fepack/image
```

```shell
yarn add @fepack/image
```

# @fepack/react-image

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@fepack/image?color=4C4885)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fepack/react-image)

For React developers, `@fepack/react-image` provides hooks and components tailored for your workflow with images.

## Features

- Load
- useLoad

## Installation

```shell
npm install @fepack/react-image
```

```shell
pnpm add @fepack/react-image
```

```shell
yarn add @fepack/react-image
```

## License

MIT
